[♪ dramatic music playing]
[dragon chittering]
[dragons growling]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[Daemon]
Glad news. Lord Ormund!
The war is ended.
your allies have scattered.
and your nephews fled.
There is a new queen and
she sits her father's throne.
We heard rumor of this.
Though on the road.
rumors swarm like flies.
Well. the queen. in her wisdom.
offered you clemency.
and your army with you.
Only bend the knee
and swear your allegiance.
and you may return to Oldtown
and live your lives in... peace.
[Ormund]
Have you any proof of your claim?
Or am I to trust
in the reliability
and rectitude
of the Rogue Prince?
Trust me or don't. You will encounter
the truth soon enough.
Your uncle Otto encountered it
very recently...
and the Hightower guard
soon after him.
And if I am inclined to fight?
That seems obvious enough.
No need to sully the pleasantness
of this meeting.
[dragons grunting]
Though I must say.
I think Ulf there
would very much enjoy settling into
your chambers in the High Tower.
Would you like to be
Lord of Oldtown. Ulf?
[dragon snarling]
I am left no choice.
For myself. I would resist.
But I have many other
lives to consider.
And so. in the interest
of peace...
I will submit.
Delightful.
[dragons calling]
I. Ormund Hightower.
promise to be faithful
to Rhaenyra Targaryen.
the queen.
I pledge my fealty to her.
[Daemon]
You have chosen wisely.
if reluctantly.
Lord Ormund.
Turn around now
and lead your army home.
and you will be spared.
[dragons continue snarling]
Our campaign has ended.
We take the Roseroad homeward.
[soldier shouting]
Ah!
[claps]
I almost forgot.
Your ward...
Daeron Targaryen.
He'll be coming with me.
You would take him hostage?
It would be rather
an oversight to allow
one of Prince Aegon's heirs
to go prancing about the Reach
with his dragon. no less.
We will treat him kindly.
as we would any son of Viserys.
As long as you behave yourself.
[scoffs]
Be brave. young prince.
Well met. nephew.
Go home.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[♪ epic theme music playing]
[high-pitched ringing]
The air is thick with ghosts.
Not unhappy ones.
I see myself
as a child coming to...
play him a tune
I had learned.
He was strong then.
[chuckles] And my mother.
[Daemon]
Lord Ormund surrendered.
We have your little prince.
Though I still say we should
have incinerated them all.
I must justify
my father's faith in me.
Rule as he would have wished.
At any rate. we must begin.
[♪ tense music playing]
The sooner I'm formally crowned.
the better.
Though the preparations
are no small undertaking.
To house and feed all those
who must attend. to...
organize tourneys.
The grand procession.
Ah.
Daeron Targaryen. Your Grace.
We've not met.
I'm your half-sister
and our father's chosen heir.
You've flown in service
of your brother. the usurper.
What have you to say?
Open your mouth
and speak to your queen.
You are a prisoner
in this house.
Your treatment will depend on
your conduct and your pliancy.
Look at me.
I wish to know
what Ormund knew
of the conspiracy
to deny me my throne.
What of Aemond. then?
Or Aegon?
What do you know
of their movements?
[whimpered breathing]
Oh. as you wish.
Confine him to a chamber.
[guard] Coming down!
He's younger than I imagined.
[Daemon]
He's a claimant to the throne.
You're going to
have to kill him.
[Orwyle]
...was Tyland Lannister.
He did not confide in me.
I know only that he spoke
of dividing the gold
and sending it out of the city
for safekeeping.
- What gold?
- It appears. Your Grace.
the crown's wealth
has been taken.
- Taken?
- Your treasury is depleted.
There is enough to see your
court through a week or two.
A little longer if you bring back the gold
from Dragonstone.
But to administer
all of the Seven Kingdoms...
No.
What of my coronation?
Oh. you must know something.
They told me little.
Perhaps because
they trusted me little.
Do you trust his word.
Lord Corlys?
I do not believe he knows
where the gold is.
And I fancy I can sniff a lie.
No one asked you.
It is the duty of
my Mistress of Whisperers to advise me.
[Corlys] After the Gullet. we must
presume Ser Tyland dead.
But he must have told someone.
If he did.
it would have been Lord Jasper.
- "Ironrod."
- [Daemon chuckles]
Oh. dear.
Our circumstances are...
unfortunate.
But this remains.
I must have a coronation.
Aegon's was done in haste.
Mine must be proper
and leave the realm in no doubt
as to who now rules them.
It. uh. it seems to me.
my queen.
that to go to such expense
while your people still suffer
might set a bitter taste
in their mouths.
It is not mere vanity.
It is a matter of legitimacy.
The Triarchy navy is finished.
but the pirates who survived
have come ashore.
They are sacking villages.
They are taking women
and demanding ransoms none can pay.
[Mysaria] And difficulties
abound in the city. Your Grace.
It seems the granaries
are near empty.
The fields lie fallow
and the planting season
is moons away.
If we could find some trade...
[Corlys] It will take time for the routes
to be reestablished.
And we have
not enough ships now
to ensure the safety of goods
on the high sea.
[Mysaria] Well. in the meantime.
we must find grain for bread
or have the people
go hungry again.
[Daemon]
It is a never-ending inconvenience.
this insistence
of the people being fed.
[Mysaria] And yet. a hungry population
is a dangerous one.
- as the queen and I well know.
- [Daemon chuckles]
[Daemon] How much time will
we squander here on trifles?
The war is won.
Send another raven
to Casterly Rock.
If Tyland secreted gold there.
we will have an answer
from Lady Johanna.
Send to all the great houses.
In fact. tell them...
their queen demands tribute.
Remind them who now
commands the realm.
Will you not bring
your small council here from Dragonstone?
There is much to take in hand.
They betrayed me in their silence.
if not in deed.
I have done with them.
Where is Aemond?
He burned Daemon's garrison
at Harrenhal
and slew the castellan
and his sons.
And then. he disappeared.
It is days now
since Vhagar was last seen.
There was a woman there.
a maester of sorts.
I have not heard tell of her.
Aemond would not
dare challenge you here.
No.
But I want him found.
And Sheepstealer as well.
They are the dangers.
Let Baela fly as a scout.
Start at Harrenhal and report
when there are sightings.
I will. in addition.
offer a bounty
for the capture of their riders.
We don't have a bounty.
it seems.
We will find one.
Ah. better yet.
to the slayer of Aemond One-Eye.
I will grant Harrenhal itself.
I have no need of it now.
All the Riverlands are mine.
- [rat squeaking]
- [gasps]
Ah. yes. Aegon hanged
all the rat catchers.
As honored as I am
to act as your protector.
my place is with my men
in the city.
I would counsel you to appoint
a Queensguard as a matter of urgency.
Daemon will be useful
in identifying candidates.
- We'll put the matter to him.
- [steward] My queen. a moment.
It seems rats have eaten through
a large store of candles.
Tallow is short. we... we must
requisition a new supply
or sit in darkness.
- Then requisition it.
- Of course. There is none yet
- to control the royal purse.
- Begging your pardon. good ser.
In the matter
of the bed chamber.
- uh. I didn't know who to ask.
- It's a matter for later.
Hightower bannerman
control the Arbor.
- My lady. the price of good wine...
- Move back!
...has tripled. if not more.
Enough. enough!
There is time aplenty
in the coming days
to discuss the royal tipple.
Where is my gold?
- Your gold?
- The crown's gold. the treasury.
- Oh. you cannot claim ignorance.
- I'm of no help to you.
It was the Master of Coin
who removed it.
And the queen
knew nothing of it?
They hated me from the start.
Resented my influence.
my mere presence.
My own father
kept their plot from me.
Is that so?
I would refer you
to the man himself.
but you slew him
without ceremony.
[Helaena]
Did it make you feel better?
Uh. about losing Jace?
I would rather have slain Aegon
as your mother and I had agreed.
But here we are.
He is gone.
And I cannot believe
you had no hand in that either.
He did that to himself.
[Alicent] Aegon was fled when
I returned from Dragonstone.
Has Orwyle not given you
his account?
His account. or yours?
Do not treat me as a fool.
If you require me to foresee
every duplicitous scheme
devised by Larys Strong.
I confess I cannot help
but fall short.
Where is Vhagar?
- Who rides Sheepstealer?
- I do not know!
Is Aemond not flown away
as I promised?
Did the guards on the parapets
not suffer you to pass?
I have done all I could.
Will you blame me only
for what men have done?
You promised we could go.
We told the guards.
We ran.
No one knows
what he looks like.
Aegon.
He's scarred and burned.
His dragon is dead.
Declare him dead as well.
He cannot fight. and if Larys
tries to raise him up...
you can dismiss him
as an impostor.
[scoffs]
You argue still for his life?
You killed my father.
[high-pitched ringing]
[breathing deeply]
When...
Aemond has been found...
and the challenge to me...
removed. you will go free.
But until then. I cannot be seen
to favor Hightowers.
I don't want to stay
in this room.
I will not treat you unkindly.
You will be fed
and clothed and...
and have a maid
to suit your needs.
You may walk under guard
in the Godswood...
- Uh...
- ...and I will have Jaehaera brought to you
for an hour
every few days or so.
You cannot mean this.
Rhaenyra. please.
None of this pleases me.
So my position is such
that I must hope...
for the capture
and death of my son.
[scoffs]
I can only imagine.
I want it proclaimed that
we discovered Aegon here. dead.
- A shrewd gambit. Your Grace.
- And let Joffrey
be brought back from the Vale.
He is next in line.
He must now be raised as my heir.
I know much about this place.
but never seen it before today.
Is it as you imagined?
It is both larger
and smaller.
- Hm.
- I will guess that Alicent
had no confidence to give you
as to the whereabouts
of the gold.
She did not.
And you trust her yet?
[sighs]
She is a Hightower.
True.
But would I not be simple
to think that in a house
as big as this one.
there were only one rat?
I am much troubled
about her son Daeron.
- whom we now hold captive.
- Does she know?
By rights. I should have
his head for a traitor.
He is an heir to Aegon
and a threat to you.
Yet he is also my half-brother
and has not committed the crimes
that Aegon and Aemond have.
and yet is...
- [high-pitched ringing]
- [sounds muffling and distorting]
[gasps softly]
- [ringing fades]
- [sounds normalizing]
Why should I not kill him?
Why should I not...
strike him as my own sons
were stricken?
There is none to stop you.
There are mountains
to be dealt with.
and I have none yet
to trust with them.
My lady-in-waiting. Elinda?
Elinda Massey
is now in the city.
- having served us well there.
- Better send to her.
And Mysaria.
let the staff be questioned.
Quietly. as only you can.
Those who cleave
to the Hightowers
must be replaced.
Immediately. Your Grace.
[High Septon]
Good morrow. Your Grace.
A blessing in the name
of the Seven Who Are One.
I thank you
for your swift attendance here.
Uh. much has changed
in the last few days.
These are turbulent times.
I must for the time being
forego a right
and proper coronation.
but I still wish at least
to be anointed.
by you. in full sight
of the people.
Alas. that it cannot be done.
For what reason?
Some months ago
I anointed your brother Aegon...
and declared him
the rightful king
before gods and men.
Yes. Aegon is dead.
and I now sit the throne.
[rats squeaking]
So you now say.
Is it your contention
that I am a liar?
We have not seen his remains.
Nor have the Silent Sisters
been summoned to tend to them.
You understand...
that if there has been
some kind of error.
Oh. there has been no error.
I am my father's heir.
And the gods themselves
decree that I must rule
the Seven Kingdoms.
Have they not raised me up
and cast the usurper into ruin?
That has happened.
It is true.
How has it happened
if they did not will it?
A dragon appeared to me
in my greatest need.
My gods do not deal in dragons.
They are a profane magic
created in darkness and pride
and lust for power.
for impunity.
They destroy.
but they do not create.
There is no good
that can come of them.
[chuckles]
You have made your position
exceedingly clear.
With respect. I advise you.
do not make an enemy
of the Faith.
It exhorts and comforts
and binds together your people.
Underestimate it at your peril.
I must confess to you now
a thing you may have
guessed before.
Alyn of Hull and his brother
Addam are my sons.
They are born of a woman.
a shipwright
I met on my earlier travels.
I did not claim them as mine.
I was ashamed.
And I dreaded
grieving Rhaenys. my wife.
And I am grateful
she showed me grace
before she died.
I did not guess.
Though I believe
I see it now.
You need fear
no reproach from me.
It is many a lord who has mixed
noble and common blood.
Their sons
are no less stout of heart.
Each has shown himself
worthy of more
than was given him
before now.
Indeed. we owe Alyn
a great debt
for his valiance in both the Stepstones.
and lately in the Gullet.
You have shown yourself
a leader of men.
I was only doing my duty.
Your Grace.
And Addam
has been my assurance
that the gods favor me.
When my hope had waned.
they sent me you.
It is my great honor
to serve you. Your Grace.
To that end. my queen...
I have acknowledged my sons.
Mm.
And more than that.
I would name Alyn my heir.
I ask that you legitimize them.
Let them now be Velaryons.
Lords of the realm.
For without them.
my line is ended...
and my name erased.
[silverware clattering]
It is well that you have
found an heir.
We have both of us
suffered greatly. and I...
I cannot begrudge you
a new way forward.
- but Lord Corlys...
- A word from the throne.
It is simple enough.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[♪ dramatic music
continues]
[Daemon sighs]
[♪ tense music playing]
[wind whistling]
[Elinda] Are your nerves steady.
Your Grace?
As steady as they may be.
I have courted
the smallfolk from afar.
but I have not yet come
before them as their queen.
You have been
much anticipated.
Then. there will be
much expected.
And our resources are few.
I do not know
what satisfaction I can give.
For some. it will be enough to
say they have looked on a queen.
Will I bring your jewels?
I will wear
no needless ornament.
I must show strength.
readiness.
But the sword perhaps.
Might that not contradict
what you wish to convey
to petitioners in need?
Fair point.
Still.
[sighs]
A chain. I think.
For gravity.
One of these.
[softly] Fuck.
Your Grace?
I'm bleeding.
- You're sure?
- Yes.
Fuck! [groaning]
Of course.
I'll fetch some cloths.
[Luthor Largent] Rhaenyra Targaryen.
First of Her Name.
Queen of the Andals.
the Rhoynar. and the First Men.
Lady of the Seven Kingdoms.
and Protector of the Realm.
[weaver]
Your Grace. I am a weaver
and my trade is in wool.
We have a great shortage
now in fleece.
and such sheep as there are
have been taken by dragons.
[people murmuring]
Might not the fleece
be harvested
before the animal is consumed?
That seems easy enough.
It would be a help. surely.
but there are many
in our guild.
To restore our resources.
we would need an investment.
Five hundred golden dragons.
[murmuring continues]
[butcher] With regards
to the sheep. my queen...
such an outcome does nothing
to supply us with meat.
- We butchers have no trade.
- Is there no game to be had?
Oh. not for miles.
And all the hunters
have been taken for archers.
If we could but receive
some expenditure
- from the crown...
- Might... might we consider the Kingswood?
[murmuring continues]
That would be a bold gesture.
Your Grace.
One that would have offended
your royal forebears.
Neither stags nor boars.
but. uh. rabbits. perhaps.
[Corlys] It bears discussion
in a forum other than this one.
Let the next petitioner come.
I am Sylvi. Your Grace.
I was privileged
to be of assistance
to the Lady Mysaria in her
campaign against the usurper.
I thank you. a-and all here
who kept the faith.
My appeal is not for coin...
but for justice
for what the commonfolk
have suffered these long months.
[low murmuring]
The blockade is lifted.
It will not be long now
- before trade routes are reestablished...
- It was not only the blockade
that drove us to want.
Your Grace.
It was the rich.
The noble lords.
They bought up everything
they could for their storehouses
and left the poorer folk
with nothing.
- [murmuring continues]
- Is this true?
I am no innocent. my queen.
It is the way of the world.
But when the highborn
take even what little remains
and put it aside.
while the lowborn starve...
then that is a matter
I would put before my queen...
who came to power
as a champion of her people.
[murmuring continues]
[rats squeaking]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
It is a dangerous element
that seeks to blame the wealthy
for the city's woes.
In a war. all suffer.
- Some more than others.
- [Daemon] That has ever been so.
And yet. in times like these.
it is a cudgel
in irresponsible hands used to
strike up unrest and rebellion.
- [Mysaria] Do the commonfolk...
- [whispering] For the cramps.
...not deserve the providence
and protection
of their ruler?
It is a covenant broken
- at our peril.
- [Daemon] Eh.
They look to us
for order and security.
[Mysaria]
They look to us for meat
and fuel for their fires.
And who is us.
in your telling?
I have earned
my seat at this table.
though I was not born to it.
I will leave others to judge
which path most has merit.
Has Baela returned?
What news of Vhagar
and Sheepstealer?
The only dragon
she saw was Sunfyre.
Long dead and decaying.
She flies again this evening.
Let us send Addam with her.
They cannot hide for long.
You will have justice.
I will never have justice.
But what crumbs of it may be snatched.
I will devour.
[Mysaria]
In the meantime. Your Grace.
I urge you. turn your mind
to the issue before us...
[Daemon] There is no issue.
There are bellyachers
bleating their dissatisfaction
at the order of things.
Lord Corlys.
I defer to the queen.
Useless.
What would your father do?
A banquet. I think.
♪♪
Great day for the three of you.
We are much honored.
Your Grace.
Ulf. how will you
style yourself?
Oh. uh...
Targaryen. Your Grace.
Oh. absolutely not.
Then. I have no style.
So fashion one.
White. then?
Good. Um. and you?
I'm a blacksmith by trade.
Your Grace.
I go by Hammer.
Hugh the Hammer.
Ulf the White.
And Addam of Hull.
[Daemon] Kneel.
[Ulf grunts]
In the name of the Warrior.
I charge you to be brave.
In the name of the Father.
I charge you to be just.
In the name of the Mother.
I charge you
to defend the young
and the innocent.
[sword sheathing]
- Is that it?
- [Rhaenyra] Ser Ulf.
Ser Hugh.
Ser Addam.
Knights in
your queen's service.
Will you swear fealty to
your ruler and her cause?
To be servants and agents of the crown
for all of your days?
I swear it. Your Grace.
As do I.
[Ulf] Until death.
Ser Luthor.
I wish to consult with you
about a notion I have.
A dinner for various nobles
whom you may identify...
[Hugh] Your Grace.
I was wondering what sort
of living I may expect.
now that we're in
King's Landing.
Uh... uh. yes. of course.
Uh. I did promise to provide
for you and your wife.
She's gone.
I went into the city to find her.
only to hear that she's gone to live
with her brother in Tumbleton.
There was nothing for her here.
Send to her.
and. uh. we will set aside
a house for you
on Visenya's Hill.
And when might that be.
Your Grace?
As soon as I am able.
I have no small council
at present.
Nor a Queensguard to serve me.
I am awash in dilemmas
and deficiencies.
Let me find my footing.
and I will attend
to your requests.
[sighs]
- [knocking]
- [door opens]
[Gold Cloak captain] The queen dowager.
Your Grace.
[rats squeaking]
[sighs]
Uh. very well.
[sniffling]
With thanks.
Your Grace.
I'm sorry I was sharp
when we spoke.
I have a small request only.
We'll hear it.
Only that my father's remains
be sent to Oldtown...
where they may lie
beside my mother's.
As you say.
Thank you.
[chuckles]
It is odd
to be here with you.
Alicent.
You ruled this realm
in all but name
while my father lay ill.
I did.
I heard...
petitions today.
There are many of them.
And their needs
are many more. It's a...
- heavy weight.
- [scoffs]
How did you bear it?
In truth?
You may not rule
and remain yourself.
There are choices to be made
and you may. on occasion.
have to turn your face away
while people suffer and die.
There is in you
a door that must shut.
You will do things
that your heart
would have recoiled from
- before you came to the throne.
- [scoffs]
I acknowledge the struggle.
But I dispute that I must
become what I am not.
Time will tell.
My father remained himself.
[scoffs] Your father lived in
a world of his own construction.
You and I have never
set foot there.
[Rhaenyra] Be welcome.
You have all heard. I'm sure.
that our ascension is proclaimed
throughout the realm.
Already the Hightowers
have bent the knee before me.
and. likewise. those in this room
have pledged their loyalty.
[scattered chatter]
- Later than I would have liked.
- [laughter]
But I come before you
as a conciliator.
[lord clears throat]
It is our privilege.
Your Grace.
to attend you here at last.
I avow.
which all here know.
that I mistrusted the Hightower claim
from the beginning.
I'm sure that's true.
even if I heard no tale of you
rising up to protest it.
- [scattered laughter]
- [bell jingling]
Ah.
I see our feast is served.
[guests chattering]
[dishes thudding]
[guests murmuring]
What is this?
This is what the commonfolk
of my city ate.
this and worse. while you
and those like you
hid provisions away
in your storehouses.
Your Grace. we were afraid.
Will you have had us starve
and our families with us?
I would have no one starve.
I would have those with much
exercise stewardship
and tend to those with little.
as a shepherd
tends to their sheep.
[Lord Bywater]
The poor. like rats. overrun the city.
They thieve and fight
for every crumb.
And would you not do the same
if your children were hungry?
No. I would not.
Hm. admirable restraint.
You would lie genteel
in your grave.
As you sit here.
my Gold Cloaks
are entering
each of your houses.
- [guests murmuring]
- They are searching your storerooms
for all that you hoarded away.
And they will bring
what they find back to me
for distribution to those
in my city who need it.
- This is unconscionable.
- We're being robbed!
What the crown
demands of you
is not plunder. but a duty.
And tonight.
will serve as a lesson
in what I will require of you
now and henceforth.
Good evening.
[guests continue murmuring]
Your Grace.
House Manderly. is it?
Ser Torrhen Manderly.
Your Grace.
your humble servant.
Is it humility that causes you
to smile so. Ser Torrhen?
It is admiration
only for a hand well played.
My Gold Cloaks will be visitors
to your household as well.
And no doubt I am
as deserving as any here.
It is a bold move.
and the smallfolk will cheer it.
It may even make them forget
that it was your blockade
that made bread scarce
in the first place.
[♪ tense music playing]
Well. rest assured.
Ser Torrhen...
my memory is long.
[Daemon]
They'll resent you for this.
They are merchants
and minor nobles.
They've been in error
and they know it.
I do admit.
I find it amusing.
It will help
a certain number of people
for a certain number of weeks
and do nothing
for the rest of them.
- It is a gesture only.
- Yes. and gestures matter.
But you say rightly that
this is not a lasting solution.
For that.
I will need you to fly.
Go to the Vale.
Lady Jeyne never sent
the swords she promised.
She may pay her debt in coin.
This is an errand
I will relish.
The other great houses
I will summon here.
In the meantime.
return with gold
or pledges of gold. else we are hobbled
before we begin.
You have come so far.
and yet you still don't know
who you are.
If I fail to administer
my city.
how will I be trusted
to govern a realm?
Aegon the Conqueror
had three dragons.
You now have six.
It is a power beyond imagining.
Why scrabble here for gold
when the world lies before us?
Dorne could be ours.
And then Essos
and the Free Cities.
Yi Ti and its riches.
They say there is a city
at the edge of the world
where men have wings.
I remember wishing to go there
to see them for myself.
Those men will serve us.
They will serve you.
You will have
an empire unassailable.
And our children will rule it
forever and a day.
You style us commandeers
and marauders
like the pirates
that plague us.
I style us gods. Rhaenyra.
As we were always meant to be.
[speaking High Valyrian]
And I've made my peace
with him.
But he renounced his dragon.
Your Grace.
You still have to kill Daeron.
[♪ ominous music playing]
[♪ ominous music
continues]
[Mysaria]
You are tired today.
I cannot sleep in that bed.
Mm. a new mattress. perhaps.
- [carriage rattling]
- Perhaps.
You have buried your grief.
I feel no grief.
I feel nothing.
Well. no.
There is rage.
A rage that billows
beyond my grasp.
I have known such rage.
I will look on those
who killed my sons. Mysaria.
I will.
- [bell tolling]
- [people applauding and cheering]
[cheering and applause
continue]
Let the Septon deny you.
This will be your anointing.
[cheering and applause
continue]
[townsperson]
Rhaenyra! Rhaenyra!
I have been away.
uh. too long.
But we are at last reunited.
[cheering and applause]
The usurpers are vanquished.
and I have taken
my rightful throne...
[scattered cheers]
...from which I shall
rule judiciously...
with strength.
but also mercy...
as befits a true queen.
[cheering and applause]
In token of which
I bring you gifts for your relief.
And in honor of my father
who came before me.
[cheering and applause]
Gods be with you.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[Corlys] Your Grace.
- A word.
- [Rhaenyra] Walk with me.
You made Addam a knight.
but it seems you styled him
Hull rather than Velaryon.
We had agreed. I thought.
that he and Alyn
would be legitimized.
Now. if it is a matter
of ceremony or...
Um. I'm sorry. Corlys.
but in this moment
I cannot do as you ask.
I have given all I had.
everything. in service to you.
My castle lies in ashes.
and I have asked no favor
in return but this.
You know very well the rumors
that have dogged my sons
from the first.
My reign has just begun.
I cannot in this moment
be seen to raise up those...
born outside
of noble troth. I...
And so you will
insult my house...
so that you may be seen
to be something you are not.
I have Joffrey to think of.
I was staunch in my defense
when your own troth
was... doubted.
Yes. and I thank you for this.
among many other things.
But all eyes look to me now.
Perhaps one day when there
is not so much scrutiny...
You are ashamed.
Well...
- It is a matter of legitimacy.
- Your son Joffrey...
is a bastard.
Your son. Lucerys.
whom I accepted
as my heir...
- was a bastard.
- Lord Corlys.
Your son Jacaerys
lived and died a bastard!
Say aloud to me
the reason your children
deserve what mine are denied.
♪♪
Helaena has gone
to the Godswood. with thanks.
I have your son Daeron here
within these walls.
Here since when?
Uh. he was delivered to me
two days ago
as part of the terms under
which your cousin surrendered.
And what do you...
what do you plan
to do with him?
By rights. I should
have his head. but...
he had no part
in his brothers' treachery.
He did only what was expected
of him by his elders.
Therefore. I will send him
north to the Wall.
He will take the Black
and he will not return.
but he will keep his life.
Do you wish me
to thank you?
I see you have been merciful.
And yet I grieve
for what could have been.
He was... he was sent
to ward as an infant.
I've seen him once
in the last five years.
I hardly know the boy.
[sighs] And yet...
From all accounts.
he has borne his lot very bravely.
I wish to see him.
You will join
the Night's Watch
and serve out your days there.
It's a hard road.
but there is honor in it.
I see that nothing moves you.
It's a pity.
Your mother is here.
I would counsel you
to unguard yourself.
One time at least. before you take
your long journey.
The queen dowager. ser.
Here she is.
Look at her.
[♪ uneasy music playing]
You don't know this boy.
He is not Daeron.
Who are you then?
Speak!
He compelled me.
- I begged him.
- Who compelled you?
Lord Ormund Hightower.
He blenched my hair.
told me I must play
the part of the prince.
Even if she burned me
with dragons.
- [Rhaenyra scoffs]
- I must stay silent.
or he would have
my mother hanged.
My real mother.
She isn't a queen.
Your Grace.
She's only a lady.
and our people are merchants.
Ormund...
has deceived me.
Your real son.
he keeps with him. no doubt.
Did he think
I would not discover it?
[♪ tense music playing]
What game does he play?
Your Grace.
I am sent to tell you our work here
is all but complete.
The Hightower colors have been
removed throughout these walls.
Burn all of it.
Your Grace.
There's a dragonkeeper
at the gate.
What is it?
[speaking High Valyrian]
- What?
- Yeah.
[flames whooshing]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[♪ dramatic music
continues]
♪♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm